D'oh! ;-)

The most important news in the last weeks probably was moving libmp4v2 from
FAAD2 to the FAAC folder in the currently available snapshots on
Audiocoding.com and in the CVS. So FAAC doesn't need an installed FAAD2
anymore if it is compiled with MP4 writing and tagging support. Yes, FAAC can
do that on its own now, thanks to Dan and Case...

Volker Fischer adapted FAAC to Digital Radio Mondiale, i.e. it works as an AAC
LC encoder in his DReaM receiver/transmitter software now. There are still
things to straighten out like the frame length, but these test transmissions
can be decoded by the official DRM receiver from FhG/Merlin, too.

There's a new FAAC project summary on Freshmeat.net with many links to existing
ports and packages as well as other applications using either FAAC or FAAD2:
http://freshmeat.net/projects/faac/ And Audiocoding.com has been added to the
Open Directory Project on dmoz.org, too, which serves as a database for many
important search engines, e.g. Google, Yahoo, AOL and others.

The Winamp and CoolEdit output plugins by Antonio Foranna have been updated
quite often recently (MP4 tagging and importing tags from input files), and
he'll probably be an official project member soon. By the way, the currently
available compiles on RareWares need the external id3lib.dll in your system
directory, otherwise they won't show up in Winamp's output plugins folder.
CoolEdit even quits with an error message at the start.

Sad news was that knik quit developing FAAC after bringing it to its current
competitive state which was proven in the last AAC comparison from 2004 on
http://www.rjamorim.com/test/aac128v2/results.html So if someone out there
feels like tuning the only available open source AAC encoder, go ahead...

Hans-Juergen (Oct 17, 2004)

P.S.: See also the updated ChangeLog for all changes since the last
ChangeLog from Nov 24, 2003.
